define how context can be managed for named provider using static context paradigm (#221)
open-feature/spec: specification/sections/03-evaluation-context.md

> The Client and invocation **MUST NOT** have a method for supplying `evaluation context`.

In the static-context paradigm, context is global. The client and invocation cannot supply evaluation context.

##### Conditional Requirement 3.2.2.3

> The API **MUST** have a method for setting `evaluation context` for a provider bound to a named client.

> In the static-context paradigm, provider specific context can be defined using the name defined during provider registration.

Author: ```suggestion
In the static-context paradigm, provider specific context can be set using the associated name.
```

The global context is used if there's no matching provider specific context.

See [setting a provider](./01-flag-evaluation.md#setting-a-provider) for details.

##### Conditional Requirement 3.2.2.4

> > The API **MUST** have a a mechanism to manage `evaluation context`.

Author: ```suggestion
> The API **MUST** have a mechanism to manage `evaluation context` for an associated name.
```

> In the static-context paradigm, it must be possible to create, read, and remove provider specific context.

Author: ```suggestion
In the static-context paradigm, it must be possible to create and remove provider-specific context.

See [setting a provider](./01-flag-evaluation.md#setting-a-provider) for details.
```

> The Client and invocation **MUST NOT** have a method for supplying `evaluation context`.

In the static-context paradigm, context is global. The client and invocation cannot supply evaluation context.

##### Conditional Requirement 3.2.2.3

> The API **MUST** have a method for setting `evaluation context` for a provider bound to a named client.

In the static-context paradigm, provider specific context can be set using the associated name.

> The global context is used if there's no matching provider specific context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The global context is used if there is no matching provider specific context.
```

Reviewer: I think spec avoids contractions

> When the global `evaluation context` is set, the `on context changed` handler **MUST** run.

The SDK implementation must run the `on context changed` handler on all registered provider that use the global `evaluation context` whenever it's mutated.

##### Requirement 3.2.4.2

> > When the `evaluation context` for a named provider is set, the `on context changed` handler **MUST** only run on the corresponding provider.

Author: ```suggestion
> When the `evaluation context` for a specific provider is set, the `on context changed` handler **MUST** only run on the associated provider.
```

> The SDK implementation must run the `on context changed` handler on only the specified provider that use the provider scoped `evaluation context` whenever it's mutated.

Author: ```suggestion
The SDK implementation must run the `on context changed` handler only on the provider that uses the provider-scoped `evaluation context` whenever it's mutated.
```

> When the global `evaluation context` is set, the `on context changed` handler **MUST** run.

> The SDK implementation must run the `on context changed` handler on all registered provider that use the global `evaluation context` whenever it's mutated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK implementation must run the `on context changed` handler on all registered provider that use the global `evaluation context` whenever it s mutated.
```

> ##### Requirement 3.2.4.2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Conditional Requirement 3.2.4.2
```

Reviewer 2: Can you also fix the above point to use `Conditional Requirement`?

> When the `evaluation context` for a specific provider is set, the `on context changed` handler **MUST** only run on the associated provider.

> The SDK implementation must run the `on context changed` handler only on the provider that's scoped to the mutated `evaluation context`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK implementation must run the `on context changed` handler only on the provider that is scoped to the mutated `evaluation context`.
```
